>> Jon Kuperman: Focus control, so
there's this really cool attribute
called document.activeElement.
And you can run that at any time
in your console or whatever and
you can get what the currently
focused element is on the page.
So as users tabbing through or whatever,
you can use document.activeElement and
see where you're at.
Okay, so before I go to the next slide,
what's really cool with this is like,
the probably most common use case
is when you're doing modals.
So I worked on some code at Twitter where
you're scrolling through the timeline of
tweets, and
say you're doing it with a keyboard.
And then, so
you're on the 30th tweet down, and
then you're like, I wanna see that one.
And you hit enter on it, and
it brings up this modal of a close-up
of that tweet or whatever.
And you're like,
that was really cool, and so
then maybe you hit escape
to close that thing away.
And then you hit your next tweet and
it starts you back at the top and
you're like what the heck?
Like I was,
I don't know I was like 30 tweets down.
So like getting in that mind set,
a really cool way you can use
document.activeElement is when a user's
about to do something like pop up a modal
or pop down an accordion,
anything like that.
You can save where they currently are.
And then when they're done with that, you
can just call .focus on currentElement and
it will take them right
back to where they were.
So another, it's like two lines a code,
one to store it and
one to .focus on it when they close.
That can make a huge difference for users.